## Section 1

**1. The model successfully produced a document (Jira ticket) related to the user story that is coherent and well-structured.**  
**Answer:** 3 out of 5

**2. Would you like to add anything?**  
**Answer:** It is coherent: I found the information aligned with my expectations. It is structured: it follows the structure I would have expected. However, it lacks some information that could help the reader. More detail is needed.

**3. The user story is clear.**  
**Answer:** 4 out of 5

**4. The user story is concise.**  
**Answer:** 4 out of 5

**5. The user story is complete.**  
**Answer:** 3 out of 5

**6. The user story is adaptable to future changes.**  
**Answer:** 3 out of 5

**7. Are there aspects of the document that would have been developed differently if it had been created by an analyst?**  
**Answer:** 5 out of 5

**8. Would you like to add anything?**  
**Answer:** The analyst would have had more knowledge and therefore been able to go into greater detail.

## Section 2

**9. The model successfully produced a coherent and well-structured epic.**  
**Answer:** 3 out of 5

**10. Would you like to add anything?**  
**Answer:** The reason is the same as in answer 2 (it is coherent and well-structured but lacks detail).

**11. The epic provides a clear and complete vision of the 'Availability' functionalities.**  
**Answer:** 2 out of 5

**12. Would you like to add anything?**  
**Answer:** The document seems like an outline listing key aspects, but it does not provide a detailed coverage of the functionality. So, I see this document more as a support.

**13. The document reflects what you would normally produce manually.**  
**Answer:** 3 out of 5

**14. Would you like to add anything?**  
**Answer:** The analyst would go into greater detail in the information generated by the model.

## Section 3

**15. The model correctly captured the necessary technical specifications.**  
**Answer:** 2 out of 5

**16. Would you like to add anything?**  
**Answer:** The technical specifications are hinted at but are not fully captured in this document.

**17. The technical descriptions and presented workflows are detailed enough to guide development.**  
**Answer:** 2 out of 5

**18. Would you like to add anything?**  
**Answer:** A lack of detail does not help developers.

## Section 4

**19. Which of the two “Executive summaries” was produced by the model?**  
**Answer:** 2 (correct answer)

**20. Which of the two “Overview/Background” sections was produced by the model?**  
**Answer:** 1 (correct answer)

**21. Which of the two “Assumptions and dependencies” sections was produced by the model?**  
**Answer:** 2 (correct answer)

## Section 5

**22. Large Language Models can provide valuable support in the requirements specification phase.**  
**Answer:** 3 out of 5

**23. How much time do you think you could save by using the model’s outputs as a starting point?**  
**Answer:** Between 15 and 30 minutes out of 4 hours.

**24. In which phase(s) do you think it would be appropriate to use LLM support?**  
**Answer:** Epic FDS generation.

**25. List the negative aspects.**  
**Answer:** Lack of information as it may not fully understand its importance and relevance.

**26. List the positive aspects.**  
**Answer:** It helps to keep a "faithful" record of what is said and might otherwise be forgotten.

**27. Additional feedback.**  
**Answer:** It trims quite a bit of information, which is why I see it more as a summary that could be suitable for an Epic FDS document.

## Section 6 

**Using LLMs would allow me to complete my tasks faster.**  
**Answer:** Neutral

**Using LLMs would improve my performance in document creation.**  
**Answer:** Neutral

**Using LLMs would increase my productivity in the requirements specification process.**  
**Answer:** Agree

**I find LLM support useful for my work.**  
**Answer:** Agree